add simulator for scale tests (#1493)
vmware-tanzu/antrea: docs/antrea-agent-simulator.md

# Run Antrea agent simulator

> This document describes how to run the Antrea agent simulator. The simulator is useful for Antrea scalability testing, without having to create a very large cluster.

Reviewer: Please wrap the text in 80 chars per line as other files do.

# Run Antrea agent simulator

## 1. build the simulator image

> ```bash

Reviewer: I remember there are some format requirements for the doc to be rendered on website correctly.
For example, there needs to be an empty line before the code. Not sure there's CI job checking this. But you can follow other docs' style or standard markdown guide.

Reviewer 2: there is a CI job and looks like it's failing on this PR, which is a good sign :)

make build-scale-simulator
```

## 2. build the kubemark image
```bash
cd $KUBERNETES_PATH
make WHAT=cmd/kubemark KUBE_BUILD_PLATFORMS=linux/amd64
cp ./_output/local/go/bin/linux_amd64/kubemark cluster/images/kubemark
```

> change the image in Dockerfile to other base images if pull failed, for example(antrea/base-ubuntu:2.14.0)

Reviewer: I think we don't need to mention this in doc specically. And actually I can pull the image.

Author: I put it in vmware's private image repository, shall I also push it to antrea?

```bash
docker build -t kubemark:latest .
```

## 3. create the yaml file
This demo uses 500 simulators, this command will create a yaml file build/yamls/antrea-simulator.yml
```bash
make scale-manifest
```

> The above command will create one simulator, to change the number of simulators, please modify the yaml file, edit the replica of simulator

Reviewer: Please wrap the lines following other docs's width

# Run Antrea agent simulator

This document describes how to run the Antrea agent simulator. The simulator is
useful for Antrea scalability testing, without having to create a very large
cluster.

## Build the images

  ```bash
  make build-scale-simulator

>   ```

Reviewer 2: nit: I don't think any of these codeblocks need to be indented

Author: @antoninbas thanks for the latest advices, just resolved

# Run Antrea agent simulator

> This Documentation describes how to run Antrea agent simulator.

Reviewer 2: suggestion:

> This document describes how to run the Antrea agent simulator. The simulator is useful for Antrea scalability testing, without having to create a very large cluster.

## Build the images

1. Build simulator image

   ```bash
   make build-scale-simulator
   ```

2. Build the kubemark image

> If you alreay have a kubemark image, please ignore this step.

Reviewer: Need to keep align with "Build the kubemark image", otherwise it wouldn't appear as part of step 2.

   ```bash
   cd $KUBERNETES_PATH
   make WHAT=cmd/kubemark KUBE_BUILD_PLATFORMS=linux/amd64
   cp ./_output/local/go/bin/linux_amd64/kubemark cluster/images/kubemark
   cd cluster/images/kubemark
   docker build -t kubemark:latest .

>    ```

Reviewer 2: @tnqn I thought you wanted to push the kubemark image to our dockerhub / harbor registry?

Reviewer: I have done that, where do you think the commands that generate the image should be put?

Reviewer 2: Not sure we need to include them in the repository at all? If you want to document them somewhere for future updates to the image, I guess you can add a document under https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea/tree/master/docs/maintainers

I mostly wanted to point out that the current steps are misleading:
* users don't need to build the image themselves
* if users do decide to build the image themselves, they also need to load it into the Nodes and change the tag, as the manifest file references `projects.registry.vmware.com/antrea/kubemark:v1.18.4`

Author: I removed this part from antrea-agent-simulator.md, and move to docs/maintainer/kubemark.md

## Create the yaml file

> This demo uses 500 simulators, this command will create a yaml file build/yamls/antrea-simulator.yml

Reviewer: I didn't see it uses 500 simulators, does it?

Author: I used to add REPLICA in makefile, but after talking with @weiqiangt , just set the replica as 1 and use script to modify the number. Maybe it is better to remove this description

>    This demo uses 1 simulator, this command will create a yaml file build/yamls/antrea-simulator.yml

Reviewer 2: I am not sure why you indent all the text starting from this point?

   ```bash
  make scale-manifest
   ```

> The above command will create one simulator, to change the number of simulators, please modify the yaml file, edit the replica of simulator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above yaml will create one simulator Node/Pod, to change the number of instances, you can modify `spec.replicas` of the StatefulSet `antrea-agent-simulator` in the yaml, or scale it via `kubectl scale statefulset/antrea-agent-simulator -n kube-system --replicas=<COUNT>` after deploying it.
the yaml the replica of simulator
```

Author: done

>    The above yaml will create one simulator Node/Pod, to change the number of instances, you can modify `spec.replicas` of the StatefulSet `antrea-agent-simulator` in the yaml, or scale it via `kubectl scale statefulset/antrea-agent-simulator -n kube-system --replicas=<COUNT>` after deploying it.

Reviewer 2: s/one simulator/one simulated

Author: thanks

## Taint the simulator node

>    In case that we do not want some pods run on the simulator node on the node which can use kubectl

Reviewer 2: I suggest: "To prevent Pods from being scheduled on the simulated Node(s), you can use the following taint"

   ```bash
   kubectl taint -l 'antrea/instance=simulator' node mocknode=true:NoExecute
   ```

## Create secret for kubemark

   ```bash
    cp ~/.kube/config admin.conf
    kubectl create secret generic kubeconfig --type=Opaque --namespace=kube-system --from-file=<path to kubeconfig file>
   ```

## Apply the yaml file

>    Synchronize the yaml file in step 2 to a node that can use kubectl

Reviewer 2: I don't think "synchronizing" a yaml manifest is a thing

Author: thanks, just remove this

>    Synchronize the yaml file in step 2 to a node that can use kubectl

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't specify "a node that can use kubectl". People are free to run kubectl from wherever they want :) It doesn't have to be from a K8 Node either, it can be from out of the cluster (e.g. your laptop).

Author: remove this

> [toc]

Reviewer: Remove this? It appears in the rendered page

Reviewer 2: btw if you don't want to include a TOC for a doc, you can just add it to `hack/.notableofcontents`

# Run Antrea agent simulator

## Table of Contents
<!-- toc -->

> - [build the images](#build-the-images)

Reviewer: toc should be capitalized, so do the section headers below.

Author: thanks, since the markdown is simple, I just removed the table of content
